\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename xmlfs.info
@settitle does very much of very many different usefull things ... really.
@finalout
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@set VERSION 0.1.0

@ifinfo
This file documents the @code{xmlfs} command which does very much of very many different usefull things ... really.

Copyright (C) 1978 Amok Berserker

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).

@end ignore

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title xmlfs
@subtitle does very much of very many different usefull things ... really.
@subtitle for xmlfs Version @value{VERSION}
@author by Amok Berserker

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 1978 Amok Berserker

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end titlepage

@c All the nodes can be updated using the EMACS command
@c texinfo-every-node-update, which is normally bound to C-c C-u C-e.
@node Top, Instructions, (dir), (dir)

@ifinfo
This file documents the @code{xmlfs} command to does very much of very many different usefull things ... really..
@end ifinfo

@c All the menus can be updated with the EMACS command
@c texinfo-all-menus-update, which is normally bound to C-c C-u C-a.
@menu
* Instructions::                How to read this manual. 
* Copying::                     How you can copy and share @code{xmlfs}.
* Overview::                    Preliminary information.
* Sample::                      Sample output from @code{xmlfs}.
* Invoking xmlfs::                How to run @code{xmlfs}.
* Problems::                    Reporting bugs.
* Concept Index::               Index of concepts.
@end menu

@node Instructions, Copying, Top, Top
@chapter How to Read This Manual

@cindex reading
@cindex manual, how to read
@cindex how to read
To read this manual, begin at the beginning, reading from left to right
and top to bottom, until you get to the end.  Then stop.  You may pause
for a beer anywhere in the middle as well, if you wish.  (Please note,
however, that The King strongly advises against heavy use of
prescription pharmaceuticals, based on his extensive personal and
professional experience.)

@node Copying, Overview, Instructions, Top
@chapter Copying
@cindex copying
@format
---           iceLands 0.0.0 (c) 1978 by Marcin 'Amok' Konarski            ---

  i.  You may not make any changes in Copyright information.
  ii. You must attach Copyright information to any part of every copy
      of this software.

Copyright:

 You are free to use this program as is, you can redistribute binary
 package freely but:
  1. You cannot use any part of sources of this software.
  2. You cannot redistribute any part of sources of this software.
  3. No reverse engineering is allowed.
  4. If you want redistribute binary package you cannot demand any fees
     for this software.
     You cannot even demand cost of the carrier (CD for example).
  5. You cannot include it to any commercial enterprise (for example 
     as a free add-on to payed software or payed newspaper).
 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
 ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Use it at your own risk.
@end format

@node Overview, Sample, Copying, Top
@chapter Overview
@cindex greetings
@cindex overview

The @code{xmlfs} program produces a familiar, friendly greeting.
It allows nonprogrammers to use a classic computer science tool which
would otherwise be unavailable to them. 

@code{xmlfs} was written by Amok Berserker.

@node Sample, Invoking xmlfs, Overview, Top
@chapter Sample Output
@cindex sample

Here are some realistic examples of running @code{xmlfs}.

This is the output of the command @samp{xmlfs}:

@example
hello, world!
@end example

This is the output of the command @samp{xmlfs --help}:

@example
does very much of very many different usefull things ... really.
Usage: xmlfs [options]
  -h, --help                    Print a summary of the options
  -v, --version                 Print the version number
@end example

@node Invoking xmlfs, Problems, Sample, Top
@chapter Invoking @code{xmlfs}
@cindex invoking
@cindex version
@cindex options
@cindex usage
@cindex help
@cindex getting help

The format for running the @code{xmlfs} program is:

@example
xmlfs @var{option} @dots{}
@end example

@code{xmlfs} supports the following options:

@table @samp
@item --quiet
@item --silent
@itemx -q
Inhibit usual output.

@item --verbose
Print more information.

@item --help
@itemx -h
Print an informative help message describing the options and then exit.

@item --version
@itemx -v
Print the version number of @code{xmlfs} on the standard error output
and then exit.
@end table

@node Problems, Concept Index, Invoking xmlfs, Top
@chapter Reporting Bugs
@cindex bugs
@cindex problems

If you find a bug in @code{xmlfs}, please send electronic mail to
@w{@samp{amok@@codestation.org}}.  Include the version number, which you can
find by running @w{@samp{xmlfs --version}}.  Also include in your message the
output that the program produced and the output you expected.@refill

If you have other questions, comments or suggestions about
@code{xmlfs}, contact the author via electronic mail to
@w{@samp{amok@@codestation.org}}.  The author will try to help you out, although
he may not have time to fix your problems.

@node Concept Index,  , Problems, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@cindex tail recursion
@printindex cp

@shortcontents
@contents
@bye
